hey how's it gone guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review on some wireless
bluetooth headphones made by monoprice
that are new for 2015
so the name of these headphones is
terrible I'm just gonna put it out there
it's called Wireless on the ear
headphones with built-in microphone it's
a very generic sounding name it's a very
Asian sounding pain and it's just a
really bad name but I choose not to
judge books by their cover I'm chose not
to judge these headphones by their
terrible name so here's my review so
monoprice is a company that's probably
best known for their cables they make
really great quality cables at a
inexpensive price and that's probably
how they built up their brand now these
headphones are very inexpensive they're
about 40 or 50 dollars depending on the
color and on the outside the packaging
actually looks pretty premium so for
this review I have a white one and a
black one and you can see some specs on
the back of the box I'm never really
crazy about paper specs for headphones
but to that interest me are the weight
it's about half a pound so 222 grams and
it's got 40 millimeter drivers so I'm
not the type of YouTube guy that does
overly dramatic unboxings but I did an
unboxing anyways just to show you what's
inside so the Box has a magnetic flap to
keep it shut and when you open it up
it's got that super cheap looking
clamshell plastic stuff but whatever
it's got a box of accessories and an
instruction manual and the headphones
themselves which I had a tough time
getting to stand up
okay so the accessory box has a microUSB
charging cable and a black carrying
pouch which I personally really don't
like they call it a velvet pouch but
it's like a velour material it's really
not my thing but I guess that's better
than nothing right to turn these
headphones on and off you use this
switch so I paired it up to several
Android phones and iPhones without any
problems so that's good
but the controls on this thing take a
little time to get used to you press
these small black buttons on the back
here to skip to the next song or go to
the previous song but you use these same
buttons for volume control you kind of
hold them down and you'll hear a series
of beeps as it increases or decreases in
volume it actually works really well but
it took me some time to get used to and
there's a big button here so you press
it to pause or play music or it's
activate Siri and you can also use it to
pick up or end calls speaking of phone
calls so remember the amazing name these
headphones have with built-in microphone
so here's the thing this built-in
microphone is terrible it kind of works
but it's really really quiet and it's
not something I would want to rely on
for making calls I don't ever use the
mics on wireless headphones so I didn't
care but if you need your wireless
headphones to have a proper mic you
really should look elsewhere okay so the
headphones themselves I think the design
of these headphones were clearly
inspired by Beats not that Beats look
super ugly or anything but if you don't
want your headphones to look like beats
these things look like beats the
cushioning around the ears are very
comfortable it looks like leather I
think they try to make it feel like
leather but it is synthetic and I think
is very comfortable and durable
the hinges are made with a combination
of metal and plastic so it's a metal bar
that pops out but underneath the metal
for I guess extra support or just to
provide some thickness it is plastic but
those hinges are surprisingly durable I
put a little pressure on it to try to
bend it backwards and held up really
well
the headband that runs across has his
rubber material on the bottom it feels
very similar to the rubber on the
headband of beats but I'd say it's a
little bit grippier it's a very flexible
headband but I found the length of it to
be a little bit short I think I have a
pretty average head size but I have to
wear these headphones at the largest
setting they're comfortable for me but
if you have a really large head these
might not fit you that well so this
thing advertises a 1,300 to 1,600 hour
standby time I didn't test it out
because ain't nobody got time for that
but it did test the regular usage and I
got a little bit over 30 hours and about
50% volume the advertised 36 but I'm
pretty happy with 30 and to charge this
thing up you plug in the mark your USB
and it lights up orange so I guess the
most important thing is how do these
things sound so over the past week I
listened to them a lot so how do they
sound well I'll try to keep it short
they sound pretty good
the bass is heavy it's punchy and it can
get nice and loud but it is noticeably
heavy the mids are a little flat it's
not washed out
you can notice some missing detail on
the sound but I'd say the highs are
lacking the most detail it's just not
very crisp in the upper frequencies I
think these headphones are good for
listening to bass heavy music but it's
not ideal for classical or vocal heavy
music and you definitely don't want to
use these as studio monitors but overall
these sound pretty good for just casual
music listening especially at that price
and when you're done you can fold it on
the two hinges into thirds and you can
put it into that sweet velour bag okay
so here's the bottom line for 40 or 50
dollars I think these are a great value
you're not gonna get an amazing sound
quality at this price range you're gonna
get very respectable sound quality with
really good build quality at an awesome
price so there are some features that I
wish it did have particularly the
ability to plug in a wired connection
but I mean if you're buying these you're
interested in Wireless anyways so that's
what you get a pair of really good
valued wireless headphones
anyways I do have the black one I
haven't opened it if you guys want me to
give it away let me know in the comments
below I will kind of judge how badly
people want that thing and if you guys
liked the review let me know
you guys didn't like it also let me know
if you liked it give me some thumbs and
if you loved it give me some subs it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time